well hello he's cute
so we go try to talk to her sure it's
one of the great things about being
engaged I'm not nervous talking to
pretty girls anymore
did you guys help me yeah let me get
that for you it's really heavy I got it
so hi I'm uh I'm Ross and it's my friend
Chandler
I am Kristen Kristen honey are you uh
you new to the area cuz if you are I'd
love to show you around sometime I
actually just moved from four blocks
over uh but but this block is like a
whole other world you know actually it
does have a very interesting history
this street is the first Street in the
city to have an underground sewer system
before that sewage and waste would just
flow right down the street
yeah sometimes ankle-deep smooth
excuse me um say you're gonna be
starving after all this moving what do
you say I take you to dinner tonight
I'd like that yeah great let me take
this up for you
thank you oh no no after you oh my god
hi you out moving in now I'm moving out
move it in
Oh can I give you a hand okay uh you
don't be careful because the guy was
helping me before I to leave because he
hurt his back boyfriend no I'm Joey
Kristen oh wow what a beautiful name
what is it again Kristen ah okay so you
uh live around here
yeah Yeah right don't let that listen
let me give you a little tip do not take
a nap on this stoop or you could wake up
with your shoes gone I'll remember that
okay you know listen would you uh would
you like to have dinner with me tonight
well I have plans say Oh how about
tomorrow sounds great okay all right
well where does this go
you look strong why don't I take that
and you grab one of the boxes good
so Ross how did you date the other night
did you tell her about the magical ride
that starts with the flush of every
toilet laugh all you want
but she actually left me a message
saying she'd like to go out again in
fact I'm gonna go call her right now and
I'll make sure to tell her my friend
Chandler's isn't Jim hey listen sorry I
didn't stop by last night I had a date
Joe when it's 1 o'clock in the morning
and you don't come by that's ok check it
out it was with this really hot girl who
just moved in right across the street
really right across the street yeah when
you meet her two days ago
excellent you know Ross met somebody too
all right
hey hi how'd it go oh great we're going
out again Saturday but I just found out
she's also seeing some other guy really
Joe what would you do if you were in
Ross's situation what I saw a ham I mean
yeah I'm dating this girl who's also
seeing another guy but I'm not too
worried about it well you shouldn't be
believe me I wouldn't want to be the guy
who's up against you I mean that doofus
is going to lose so this is nice I wish
I didn't have to go believe me what
unfortunately I have to oh by the way
what's the name of the girl you're
dating Kristen leg by